Documentation for fetching spec from secured URL (#4814)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/08-03-register-manage-services.md

    }
}
```
>**NOTE:** Fetching specification from a URL is supported only for APIs. Fetching specifications for Events or documentation is not supported.

## Register API with secured specification URL

The Application Registry allows you to register an API with secured specification URL. The supported authentication methods are Basic Authentication and OAuth. You can specify only one type of authentication at the same time.

#### Register API with a Basic Authentication-secured specification URL

To register an API with a specification URL secured with Basic Authentication, add a `specificationCredentials.basic` object to the `api` section of the service registration request body. You must include these fields:

| Field   |  Description |
|----------|------|
| **username** | Basic Authorization username |
| **password** | Basic Authorization password |

This is an example of the `api` section of the request body for an API with a specification URL secured with Basic Authentication:

```

>     "api": {

Reviewer: specificationUrl property is missing in the payload.

Author: done

        "targetUrl": "https://sampleapi.targeturl/v1",
        "specificationCredentials": {
            "basic": {
                "username": "{USERNAME}",
                "password": "{PASSWORD}"
            },
        }  
```
#### Register API with an OAuth-secured specification URL

To register an API with a specification URL secured with OAuth, add a `specificationCredentials.oauth` object to the `api` section of the service registration request body. You must include these fields:

| Field   |  Description |
|----------|------|
| **url** |  OAuth token exchange endpoint of the service |
| **clientId** | OAuth client ID |
| **clientSecret** | OAuth client Secret |    

This is an example of the `api` section of the request body for an API secured with OAuth:

```
    "api": {
        "targetUrl": "https://sampleapi.targeturl/v1",

>         "specificationCredentials": {

Reviewer: specificationUrl property is missing in the payload.

Author: done

            "oauth": {
                "url": "https://sampleapi.targeturl/authorizationserver/oauth/token",
                "clientId": "{CLIENT_ID}",
                "clientSecret": "{CLIENT_SECRET}"
            },
        }  
```

#### Use custom headers and query parameters for fetching specification from URL 
You can specify additional headers and query parameters that will be injected to requests to the specification URL. 
>**NOTE:** Unlike headers and query parameters used to authenticate requests to target API, these are used only for one time specification fetch and are not stored!

To register an API with a specification URL that requires to specify custom headers and query parameters add a `specificationRequestParameters.headers` and a `specificationRequestParameters.queryParameters` objects to the `api` section of the service registration request body. Example of such body:
```

>     "api": {

Reviewer: specificationUrl property is missing in the payload.

Author: done

    }
}
```
>**NOTE:** Fetching specification from a URL is supported only for APIs. Fetching specifications for Events or documentation is not supported.

## Register API with secured specification URL

> The Application Registry allows you to register an API with secured specification URL. The supported authentication methods are Basic Authentication and OAuth. You can specify only one type of authentication at the same time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Application Registry allows you to register an API with a secured specification URL. The supported authentication methods are [Basic Authentication](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7617) and [OAuth](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750). You can specify only one type of authentication for an API.
```

> #### Register API with a Basic Authentication-secured specification URL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Register an API with a Basic Authentication-secured specification URL
```

Reviewer 2: H3 is as low as we go in website docs

To register an API with a specification URL secured with Basic Authentication, add a `specificationCredentials.basic` object to the `api` section of the service registration request body. You must include these fields:

| Field   |  Description |
|----------|------|
| **username** | Basic Authorization username |
| **password** | Basic Authorization password |

This is an example of the `api` section of the request body for an API with a specification URL secured with Basic Authentication:

```
    "api": {
        "targetUrl": "https://sampleapi.targeturl/v1",
        "specificationUrl": "https://sampleapi.spec/v1",
        "specificationCredentials": {
            "basic": {
                "username": "{USERNAME}",
                "password": "{PASSWORD}"
            },
        }  
```

> #### Register API with an OAuth-secured specification URL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Register an API with an OAuth-secured specification URL
```

Reviewer 2: H3 is as low as we go in website docs

To register an API with a specification URL secured with OAuth, add a `specificationCredentials.oauth` object to the `api` section of the service registration request body. You must include these fields:

| Field   |  Description |
|----------|------|
| **url** |  OAuth token exchange endpoint of the service |
| **clientId** | OAuth client ID |
| **clientSecret** | OAuth client Secret |    

> This is an example of the `api` section of the request body for an API secured with OAuth:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is an example of the `api` section of the request body for an API with a specification URL secured with OAuth:
```

```
    "api": {
        "targetUrl": "https://sampleapi.targeturl/v1",
        "specificationUrl": "https://sampleapi.spec/v1",
        "specificationCredentials": {
            "oauth": {
                "url": "https://sampleapi.targeturl/authorizationserver/oauth/token",
                "clientId": "{CLIENT_ID}",
                "clientSecret": "{CLIENT_SECRET}"
            },
        }  
```

> #### Use custom headers and query parameters for fetching specification from URL 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use custom headers and query parameters for fetching API specification from URL 
```

Reviewer 2: This is not part of the previous H2

You can specify additional headers and query parameters that will be injected to requests to the specification URL. 

> >**NOTE:** Unlike headers and query parameters used to authenticate requests to target API, these are used only for one time specification fetch and are not stored!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** These headers and query parameters are used only for requests for fetching an API specification and are not stored in the system. 
```

> To register an API with a specification URL that requires to specify custom headers and query parameters add a `specificationRequestParameters.headers` and a `specificationRequestParameters.queryParameters` objects to the `api` section of the service registration request body. Example of such body:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To register an API with a specification URL that requires specific custom headers and query parameters, add the `specificationRequestParameters.headers` and `specificationRequestParameters.queryParameters` objects to the `api` section of the service registration request body.
```

```
    "api": {
        "targetUrl": "https://sampleapi.targeturl/v1",
        "specificationUrl": "https://sampleapi.spec/v1",
        "specificationRequestParameters": {
            "headers": {
                "custom-header": ["foo"]
            },
            "queryParameters": {
                "param": ["bar"]
            },
        }
        "credentials": {
            "basic": {
                "username": "{USERNAME}",
                "password": "{PASSWORD}"
            },
        }
```

> ## Register the OData API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Register an OData API
```

Reviewer 2: I know this is not a line changed in this PR but I'd like it changed. You're registering SOME OData API, not a very specific one. Use the indefinite article here ;)
